hi I'm dick Collins to begin this
program on ILS approaches follow along
as we fly an ILS to Lunken Airport at
Cincinnati you might want to watch this
a couple of times to get a complete feel
for everything that transpires in an ILS
approach before going on to the rest of
the program and looking at the finer
points of flying an ILS as we discuss
flying the ILS everything applies
equally to the LP V and L Navi nav
approaches that also provide vertical
guidance these GPS based approaches
serve many more runways than ILS
approaches and really the biggest
difference is that for an ILS you select
a frequency wear with the GPS based
approaches you simply select the
approach in your GPS receiver and then
fly it just like an ILS the ultra pilot
will also fly just like an ILS the finer
points on these procedures are covered
in our program on GPS approaches before
flying let's review the instruments that
we use to fly the ILS the horizontal
situation indicator or HSI and the ILS
indicator that is more common and light
airplanes actually the HSI is nothing
more than a combination of the heading
indicator or directional gyro and the
ILS indicator the heading is shown at
the top the yellow needle that moves is
the course deviation indicator same as
the vertical needle and the other
instrument the arrow is the omni bearing
selector same as in the other instrument
and the glide slope is shown with yellow
needles on either side of the instrument
and it gives the same information as the
horizontal needle in the other
instrument the HSI also has a heading
bug usually used in connection with the
autopilot but it's also useful in hand
flying to identify vector headings
issued by the controller when flying an
ILS the yellow pointer the HSI needs to
be on the inbound track of the localizer
for the presentation to appear correct
the localizer track does not have to be
set on the standard ILS indicator for
the presentation to be correct though
some pilots settled in just for
reference in either case to fly to ILS
which is the combination of the
localizer and the glide slope you fly
toward a needle it's not centered glide
slope up fly out localize
left fly left as we fly our approach the
airplane used has both an HSI and a
standard IRS indicator zero Romeo
Charlie or three from Madeira turn left
heading to one collection 2 to 0
maintain 2,900 till steps on the
localizer $2 to one left approach for
TRC to 20 on a heading 2900 to the
localizer for the first we're inbound
now on a vector to final